add new guide (#1120)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/good-decisions/_index.md

---

> title: "Section 2 — Making good decisions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Making good decisions"
```

> heading: "Section 2 — Making good decisions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
heading: "Making good decisions"
```

> description: ""

Reviewer: Appreciate you removing this for us, @neflyte!

date: "2022-10-01T12:00:00-00:00"
weight: 2
---
## Subsection 1 — Be inclusive

1. Hatred of any type is not welcome at Mattermost — harassment of any kind is grounds for immediate expulsion from this community.
2. Bias can exist without hatred, so it’s always worth considering how to be more inclusive.

>     1. Depictions and representations of people should always be diverse in context. Where it’s possible, show people of different genders, races, and cultures. This also applies to choosing speakers at events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Depictions and representations of people should always be diverse in context. Where it’s possible, show people of different genders, races, and cultures. This also applies to choosing speakers at events. See the Mattermost Compass Design System's [Illustrations page](https://zeroheight.com/29be2c109/p/712d31-illustrations) for diversity examples.
```

>     1. Depictions and representations of people should always be diverse in context. Where it’s possible, show people of different genders, races, and cultures. This also applies to choosing speakers at events.

Reviewer: Great point! I've provided content suggestions that incorporate your feedback. Thanks!

    2. Keep those with visual and auditory impairments in mind by using semantic and meaningful organization in documents, adding alternate text to images, and giving videos subtitles in American English.

>     3. Make sure not to accidentally discriminate by economic situation or physical location when making tooling, scheduling, and speaker management decisions.

Reviewer: Agreed. @jordanafung - Given that this content is offering guidance on making good decisions when contributing to Mattermost, do you have a recommendation on how best to convey the point about avoiding discrimination?

3. Everyone has the right to voice concerns about perceived discrimination, but be gentle even if the other person is not. Start with a kind private message to avoid embarrassment, but you can report the offender to whoever is in charge of the space in which the discrimination occurred. Be forgiving, especially if the person makes an effort to improve.

## Subsection 2 — Work together

> 1. Use established authorities to avoid and resolve debates. This guide contains numbered lines so that you can explicitly refer to the sections that show your opinion is in line with Mattermost’s principles.

Reviewer: @jordanafung - Would you be open to reviewing this new section of proposed content to ensure it's aligned with our Community Guidelines, please?

> 1. Use established authorities to avoid and resolve debates. This guide contains numbered lines so that you can explicitly refer to the sections that show your opinion is in line with Mattermost’s principles.

Reviewer: Also, published content won't display numbered lines, so it's best we remove this from the content above.

> 1. Use established authorities to avoid and resolve debates. This guide contains numbered lines so that you can explicitly refer to the sections that show your opinion is in line with Mattermost’s principles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use established escalation paths to avoid and resolve debates. 
```

> 2. Always aim for clarity and conciseness. Plain, professional, and descriptive language solves many communication issues and avoids excluding those with learning disabilities, with different learning styles, and with less experience in this industry.

Reviewer: @jordanafung - Deferring reviews of this content to you and your team.

Reviewer: @neflyte - We're going to remove the specific guidelines listed below (#1 - #10) and replace it with a link to the Mattermost Contribution guidelines and code of conduct instead via https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/contributors/guidelines/contribution-guidelines
